Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
The requiremnet for this assingment was to make an application that allowed a user to create a new user, login with that user, change the users password.
Once logged in the user could then change the inventory. They needed to be able to create, read, update, and delete items in the inventory.
We also needed to make sure that the user had to allow the applicaiiton to access their phone during runtime and send an SMS message.

What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
There was the first screen that was linked to three other screns, a new user screen,forgot password screen, and the actual inventory scren. I tried to kep the same formate across all the screen to make the applciaition seem fluid.

How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
I broke each peince up into managable projects. First I created the user login screen then I made the add suer screen, and I mirrired th forgot passowrd screen as the new user screen to make the applicaiiton seem fluid and user friendly.
I then made hte inventory sceen and for a new item or edit and item I used the same template so the applicaition seems the same for the user. 

How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
I tested it by using my phone in developer mode. This is important to make sure that there are no bugs.
I had to tackel a lot of bus in my code from calling difference screens at the wrong time but I eventually got the hang of it.

Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
The whole project was slightly comlicated considering I had never used andriod studio before. I had to use my friend YouTube to help familiarize myself with some of the coding concepts.

In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
I think the best part was the actual inventorty to be able to add, edit, readm and delete indivdual items was a reall coll aspect. 
